So, guys, now let us try to understand that what is the significance and use of baseball to register?
We very well understand the use of IP and speed as a start.
But what actually is register why it is that and what is the use of this register?
So from the previous example, we have the stack of function as shown here.
Right.
So it means that the function is currently executing and in the stack memory, the falling stock frame
of the function F is already priced into the stack memory.
So you can see that by definition, the value of this point to register is 60 because here at 60, the
best point to register the value of the function is saved.
And of course, the value of stack pointer register is always points to the bottom of the stack memory.
So when the frame is an execution, SBP register value is used as a reference by the function to access
all local variables and local arguments of the frame.
Right.
So when the function executes, it has to access its local variables as well as the arguments which
aspires to the function by the caller.
So as I mentioned here, this point, the register is used as a reference to access all local variables
and local arguments of the current frame, which is in execution.
So let's start to understand this with the help of an example.
You can see here that the best point registered value is sixty.
So SBP plus zero, that is the content of SBP Register is actually the address where Collard's base
point to value saved.
So accessing the value which is stored at address is stored in EBP register will give you it before.
Right, which is the address where Class-Based Point, the registered value is saved.
Now if you add four to this SBP registered value, you will get the atmosphere.
Carlos next instruction address is stored, so 60 plus four will give you a sixty four.
It means that by adding food to the registered value of BP, you will get the address of the instruction
from which the caller needs to resume its execution when it returns.
Now, if you add it to this base point, the registered value, you will get the address where argument
one is saved in the stack mummery.
That is 60 plus.
It will give you sixty eight and sixty eight is the address of that argument.
One function if two is stored in the stack memory.
Similarly, you can get the address of your argument too is saved in the stack memory.
Similarly, if you subtract from this point the registered value, you will get the address of local
variables of the current function.
So how do you get the address of local variable whereto because 60 minus one, which will give you fifty
six or fifty six, is the address of local variable value.
Similarly, if you subtract it, you will get the address where local variable where one is stored in
the stack memory.
So you can see that C.P.U accesses all of the data of current stack frame in execution through SBP registered
value thus far a frame to execute its instructions.
SBP value must be set correctly.
SBP by definition is the address where at this point that address is saved in the stack frame.
And remember, the best pointer is also called as frame pointer.
So when call returns, caller must restore the value of SBP register to point to location where callers
scholars based pointer address is stored in the stack frame.
So we will going to understand this point when we were going to have a detailed discussion on understanding
the mechanism how cauli function returns.